Hazen Pharmaceuticals Company Website
This website is created for pharmaceutical companies and consists of sections such as About company, Company innovations, Company products and services, Marketing strategy, Social responsibility, etc. It aims at presenting clear information about Hazen Pharmaceuticals to the users and at achieving the effect of attracting more users.

Design Process
User audience :The website is designed for general consumers seeking high quality, innovative medicines, as well as for companies seeking technical, stable medical partnerships.
The ultimate goal of website design: in order to allow users to clearly understand our company's information, to leave a deep impression on users and create more customers.


User experience
1. the design of the boards of this website is more distinct, so that the user is more likely to capture the information.
2. the website design is compatible with multiple devices to provide a good experience with different devices.
3. The search function allows users to find information quickly.

Attract users
Website elements are designed to be more immersive so that users can be brought into our website. Add more credibility information, proof, companies seeking cooperation are more likely to trust us.

The website design is built on wireframe, allowing for a more layered approach to website construction.

Feature
Homepage:
Search button: users can search for the information they need more quickly, 
Navigation button navigate user to different section.
Switchable boards: Users can switch to the board information they want by pressing the key.

About Company: 
Company History: Users can swipe to view company history.
Company Value: Users can click to expand the information.

Company Service:
Medicine, equipment:
Users can search search production to see information on medications.
User can check the serving size by the age of user by pressing checking button.

Innovation:
User can check the innovative medicine information.
User can press "innovation journey" to inspect the company innovation history.
User can press "innovation medicine" check the information of medicine.

FeedBack:
User can form the feedback form giving feedback to company.


Credit: 
All the picture refer on Pexels (https://www.pexels.com/) and generated by OPEN AI(ChatGPT)
Font Family downloaded from Google font.(https://fonts.google.com/)




